Update howto for finetuning on MPS (#98)
Lightning-AI/lit-parrot: howto/finetune_adapter.md

python finetune_adapter.py --out_dir out/adapter/my-model-finetuned
```

> If your GPU does not support `bfloat16` (for instance, on MPS), you can pass the `--precision 32-true` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your GPU does not support `bfloat16`, you can pass the `--precision 32-true` argument.

For instance, to fine-tune on MPS (the GPU on Macs), you can run

```bash
python finetune_adapter.py --out_dir out/adapter/my-model-finetuned --device mps --precision 32-true
```

Note that `mps` will be picked up automatically by the default `device="auto"`, it's spelled out for clarity here.
```

Reviewer: please see the raw comment ^, GitHub is messing with the formatting

python finetune_adapter_v2.py --out_dir out/adapter_v2/my-model-finetuned
```

If your GPU does not support `bfloat16`, you can pass the `--precision 32-true` argument.
For instance, to fine-tune on MPS (the GPU on modern Macs), you can run

```bash
python finetune_adapter.py --out_dir out/adapter/my-model-finetuned --precision 32-true
```

> Note that `mps` will be picked up automatically by the default `device="auto"`, it's spelled out for clarity here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `mps` as the accelerator will be picked up automatically by Fabric when running on a modern Mac.
```
